README.md, before:

# Forest
Forest - Create your own forest soundscape

## About the project
In a complicated and stressed world you need time to relax and get back to your full strength.
*Forest* is a web application that lets you create your own forest soundscape.
The main aim is to give you a simple tool to relax and imagine yourself in a forest of your choice. You can choose the soundscape and regulate intensities of elements as you wish. You like more birds? Or a waterfall? Or a walk in a rainy forest? No problem. Your changes will act immediately. You can build your own forest or take a sound dive in a random forest. Sit back and enjoy!

## Live-Demo
You can check out the latest version:
* [Forest](https://moritzott.github.io/forest/)

## Enhancement
Currently *Forest* is a pure web application based on HTML, CSS and Javascript. That's why you need an internet connection to run it in your browser. I'm working on an offline version, so that you can enjoy *Forest* wherever you are (independent from your interent connection). Probably I will develop a so called Progressive Web App (PWA), since it seems the easiest way, given the current state of the application. A mobile app version could also be realized with frameworks like Apache Cordova or the Ionic Framework. I'll let you know when it's ready.

## Bugs, Errors and new Features
If you found a bug or want to ask for new features, you can open an [issue](https://github.com/moritzott/forest/issues) or send me an email (you can find the adress when you open the live demo and click on the menu sign. Then scroll down to *Contact*).

## Latest Version
Current version is **Version 0.1**.

## Complementary project
If you prefer a walk along the sea you can check out my complementary project *Sea* to dive into your own sea soundscape:
* [Live-Demo](https://moritzott.github.io/sea/)
* [Repository](https://github.com/moritzott/sea)

Commit message:

Added Install and Version updates

README.md, after:

# Forest
Forest - Create your own forest soundscape

## About the project
In a complicated and stressed world you need time to relax and get back to your full strength.
*Forest* is a web application that lets you create your own forest soundscape.
The main aim is to give you a simple tool to relax and imagine yourself in a forest of your choice. You can choose the soundscape and regulate intensities of elements as you wish. You like more birds? Or a waterfall? Or a walk in a rainy forest? No problem. Your changes will act immediately. You can build your own forest or take a sound dive in a random forest. Sit back and enjoy!

## Live-Demo
You can check out the latest version:
* [Forest](https://moritzott.github.io/forest/)

## Install
*Forest* is Progressive Web Application. You can install it via your browser. Just go to your browser menu and (depending on your browser) click on "install" or "add to home screen". When you select one of those two options <strong>Forest</strong> will be added to your homescreen. A so called "Service worker" will download all required files (this may take a while, so you should have a good internet connection). After it is finished you can start the app even if you don't have an internet connection.

## Bugs, Errors and new Features
If you found a bug or want to ask for new features, you can open an [issue](https://github.com/moritzott/forest/issues) or send me an email (you can find the adress when you open the live demo and click on the menu sign. Then scroll down to *Contact*).

## Latest Version
Current version is **Version 0.1.1**.

## Complementary project
If you prefer a walk along the sea you can check out my complementary project *Sea* to dive into your own sea soundscape:
* [Live-Demo](https://moritzott.github.io/sea/)
* [Repository](https://github.com/moritzott/sea)
